what up YouTube team BPM here I bought
three Twilight edition things today
because I need three honest for my
lightsworn deck even though honest is
probably going to get hit by the ban
list in March I would imagine that's
just my guess judgement dragon and
honest I think you're going to get it
and probably the two spell cards I think
this spell card to make it down to two
each and the honest Sanjay do go down to
one but you never know anyway these were
supposed to come out Monday my target
didn't get them until today which is
saturday so it's kind of retarded but
it's whatever if you don't know yet they
come with one honest and a phantom
darkness light of destruction and
tactical evolution pack let's start with
the textual evolution pack because it's
terrible I don't know why they just give
us two kinds of darkness or two light of
destruction but the good thing is I
didn't get very many tactical evolution
packs so I don't really have any of
these cards which is good grasshopper
was the first drive he's pretty terrible
dark armed dragon folks wow that's
really depressing because I've got a
feeling it's going to be hit 21 and I
already have one too dark armed dragon
and Giga plant well I mean it's pretty
hot it's pretty sexy right there is what
that is but I already have one so
salida distraction flame spirit ignis
yeah I'll probably pack a completely
nothing now since i got the dark armed
but it's whatever he's good it's good
trade fodder I guess I'm sorry I'm ump
the camera there you get in hardcore
with it they're like taping this thing
to the back and then put an honest in
front of it all right tactical evolution
I really wanted to pack a judgement
dragon because I don't have either of
those two and you kind of need those
from ice one tactical evolution again
neo-spacian pathfinder now that I do
have must've got a pack of this some
time and darkness hopefully something
else good detective dark i'm dragging
this on yeah keep going with that
hotness right there uno future samurai
not hot at all it's pretty terrible wow
this lighted second pack is like
mutilated like squashed all right come
on JD let's go Oh Jinzo Lord so whatever
it's a hollow it's kind of cool-looking
the hollow right there alright final
pack
now it would be really cool if they
brought dark armed back to to which I
really doubt because he's broken but if
they brought him back to to that would
be epic because now I have to all right
I'm hoping for a JD right here if I can
get the freaking thing open there's the
honest hunter dragon wow that's fail
level three seventeen hundreds of
hacking vanilla monster got to put that
in your deck you know you want it
something good okay castle gate wow
that's wonderful right there last pack
praying for a judgement dragon praying
for not an honest that would be lols
Lila okay that works too pretty good
poles dark round and Lila not too bad it
was worth the thirty dollars and
actually I had gift card so free so
peace out youtube subscribe subscribe to
us over there